NSTP Orientation
	
4. What is the role of NSTP in nation-building?
	The State shall promote civic consciousness among the youth and shall develop their physical, moral, spiritual, intellectual and social well-being. It shall inculcate 
	in the youth patriotism, nationalism, and advance their involvement in public and civic affairs.
	
5. How will NSTP help you become good Filipino citizen and good Benildean-Lasallian?
	The NSTP shall improve the Filipinos by discipline and the right corps values that will be applied during
	the program and to help build better communities.
2. What are the three (3) program components of NSTP? Differentiate the three.
	"Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC)" is a program institutionalized under Sections 38 and 39 of Republic Act No. 7077 
	designed to provide military training to tertiary level students in order to motivate, train, organize and mobilize them for 
	national defense preparedness.

	"Literacy Training Service" is a program designed to train students to become teachers of literacy and numeracy skills to school children, 
	out of school youth, and other segments of society in need of their service.

	"Civic Welfare Training Service" refers to programs or activities contributory to the general welfare and the betterment of life for the 
	members of the community or the enhancement of its facilities, especially those devoted to improving health, education, environment, entrepreneurship, 
	safety, recreation and morals of the citizenry.
1. What is the aim of NSTP?
	"National Service Training Program (NSTP)" is a program aimed at enhancing civic consciousness and defense preparedness in the youth by developing the ethics o
	of service and patriotism while undergoing training in any of its three (3) program components. Its various components are specially designed to enhance the youth's 
	active contribution to the general welfare.
	
3. What program component do you intend to enroll? Why?
	Civic Welfare Training Service because I don't like to be bald and I don't have the stamina for ROTC and I don't want to teach some of the
 	"future law breakers of the Philippines" since they will just ignore us and stuff.